In case of anisble we have a control node and all the nodes where the action needs 
to be performed.
ansible is installed at the control node.
(passwordless authentication is there from control node.)

There is an inventory file in case of ansible where the information is maintained in the inventory file.
Playbooks are the actual tasks which are done in the end system.

MOst of the useful modules which are required comes to us when we install ansible.
The network devices(servers) we manage with the ansible.
inventory is also called as the hosts file.

Modules are the pre defined code that the ansible executes when a playbook needs to be executed in a particular worker node.

Ansible can basically perform the tasks in an RHEL node amazon linux node and the Ubuntu Managed Node.
Ansible can be only installed in a linux based system but it can manage the windows hosts as well.

Prepare an ansible server:
1) Setup EC2 instance
2) Setup hostname.
3) Create ansadmin user
4) Add user to sudoers file. (Should have root access)
5) Generate ssh keys
6) Enable password based login
7) Install ansible

In the ansible master we will be generating the public key and the private key and 
then we will be simply using the private key to make the connection to the other hosts.

The process of setting up the controller nodes is as follows:
1) Setup EC2 instance.
2) Setup hostname
3) Create ansadmin user
4) Add user to the sudoers file
5) Enable password based login

In the configuration file there are many default information which is present and are required by us.

in the configuration file of the ansible there are some necessary information are present. The path of the configuration file is stored in it.
there are few modules 

NOTES in case of the practical implementation we need to expost the port of the docker container to which we want to perform ssh.
install openssh-client on the master node and ssh in the host node in order to make the connection.

forks in the ansible configuration means the number of systems in which a command can run.
first with 5 systems then with the next five systems the task needs to be performed.

when we pass the ad_hoc commands in case of the ansible then those commands run simply on command module.

privilege escalation is false. Execute commands from the user with which we are logging in.
sudo command for becoming the root.

ansible all -m yum -a "name=git" -b

we can even change the default module which is being used.
(Priorities goes from the top to down.)
THe particular user needs to be added in the sudoers list in order to perform some operation in particular.
we can create an ansible configuration and then export it in the environment variables.
ansible.cfg in the current director.
in the home directory 
/etc/ansible/ansible.cfg